what's going on YouTube forestier hunter
here hunters going to be running this
video he's going to give you guys a
tutorial on how we do gravel backs and
aquariums check this out my son family
gravel back and he's got it over here
knows exactly what to do with it check
this out what do we do with this but
what do we do with this I don't know we
put it in the aquarium like so just like
that okay now what you got to tell
YouTube what to do what do we do now
hold on a second will get the siphon
started that's next right now we got to
go back over there come on bud come on
what do we do now take it like this your
turn you got to go do it now get to work
buddy
go down like this
whoa can you show me
check it out YouTube get in the bottom
of the tank all right hunter what is
this accomplished right here what are we
getting done getting up all that waste
right all the fish poop all the extra
food look at that he's actually getting
this guy checking it out stud
are we having fun high five all right
good job buddy gotta get back to work
over there
good job but don't take it out yeah ball
so high five to the camera say bye
everybody thanks for watching our
tutorial on how to do water changes this
is hunter I'm Boris thanks for watching
peace out back back burger burger burger
high five rub rub rub rub peace out
YouTube he's going back to where